FLOATING:

floating is a CSS mechanism.

Where is the float added to?

to the <li> tag selector!

floats allow lines of text to fit onto one line of text given the line's width and the font size.

what does width:40% do?

it gives each list item a box that is 40% of the line width (horizontal space)

Where is the horizontal width determined?

in the <ul> selector tag! :D

How do you give your items a uniform height?

li:before {
height: 2em;
}

How to prevent bullets from intruding into the boxes of their neighbor list items?

in li {} write, list-style: inside;

How do you  make sure that your words are iniside thier item blocks?

make sure you adjust (1) <ul> width (px) (2) li width (%) (3) li height (em)

What is another way to prevent the bullets form intruding into their neighbor's blocks?

adjust the left-margin of the li tag


Floating items to the right: This means that it goes 2, 1
                                                      4, 3
As opposed to floating left:
1, 2
3, 4

This isn't so useful for lists, but floating to the right is useful for DIVS! :D

if you just make two css classes for the right and left box and try to float them
it won't work because the <div> tag isn't large enough... (when set to 5em)

How to change the size of the div tag?

you delete the width style from div, and move it into the .division-a, .division-b selector
which just applies to both those classes I think.

The bar that is between division a and b boxes is the div tag's border without any height.
This happens because it is not floating...

How to get rid of the line?

make a selector for the div's class, and set the float style = to left.
Then to make the box larger, make the width 100% of the horizontal space.

padding can cause the width of the <div> to be greater than 100%! ut oh...

How would you get all inner div tags to have the same spacing between them and be on the same line?

you have to set all of their floats to the same side (using the comma delimited selector)
and then you have to have margins between them with em units. (ALSO IN THE SAME SELETOR :D)


Where is the border radius as far as levels go?

behind the inner <div> tags..

What does overflow:hidden do for the .container selector?

hides the info outside of the outer div border ... :/

Hmmm... if you have four boxes, and you want the fourth box to show up under the first two boxes
and have the third box be a long veritcal box (same width as the other boxes), how would you do this?

you float the long box to the right, b/c any new boxes added with that same float will end up
underneath it.

the float elements 'float' over the <p> tag, so adjusting its width won't make it fit in with the others...

What does the clear:left property do?

"we do not want anything on the left of our paragraph!"
